feat: add docs (#192)
FuelLabs/fuels-wallet: docs/INSTALL.md

> # 💻 How to install?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 💻 How to install
```

> For installing the Fuel Wallet you need to download [FuelWallet zip file](https://fuels-wallet.vercel.app/preview/fuel-wallet.zip) and import directly on your extensions management page, on chrome or brave.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the Fuel wallet, you need to download [FuelWallet zip file](https://fuels-wallet.vercel.app/preview/fuel-wallet.zip) and import directly on your extensions management page, on chrome or brave.
```

<p align="center">
<img src="./assets/install-extension.gif" alt="Install instructions" width="100%">
<br/>
<a href="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3941923/196786368-8accd2a0-e7b6-4ae2-a6e6-dace918b3266.mp4">Open video</a>
</p>

## Instructions

> 1. Inside Chrome or Brave
> 2. Open the extensions page, it can be done by;
>    2.1 Clicking on settings -> extensions or;
>    2.2 Accessing `brave://extensions/` or `chrome://extensions/`.
> 3. Enable the "Developer mode" switch on the top left.
> 4. Load `fuel-wallet.zip` by;
>    4.1 Drag your downloaded Fuel Wallet file, and Drop it in the Extensions page or;
>    4.2 Clicking on `Load unpacked` and selecting the file.
> 5. If all went right, an onboarding page will instantly open.
> 
> ⚡️ Fuel Wallet extension is now ready for your best use. ✅

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Inside Chrome or Brave
2. Open the extensions page; it can be done by:
   2.1 Clicking on settings -> extensions or;
   2.2 Accessing `brave://extensions/` or `chrome://extensions/`.
3. Enable the "Developer mode" switch on the top left
4. Load `fuel-wallet.zip` by:
   4.1 Dragging your downloaded Fuel wallet file and dropping it in the extensions page or;
   4.2 Clicking on `Load unpacked` and select the file.
5. If all goes right, an onboarding page will instantly open.

⚡️ Fuel Wallet extension is now ready for your best use. ✅
```
